Fix: Correct broken link to contributing guide in README (#3049)
proevo/pythondotorg: README.md

CI runs on every PR — it checks for ungenerated migrations and enforces a 75%
test coverage minimum. PRs that fail CI won't be merged.

> See the full [contributing guide](https://github.com/python/pythondotorg/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

Reviewer: That changes it from [one broken link](https://pythondotorg.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html) to [another](https://github.com/python/pythondotorg/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)...

Instead:

```suggestion
See the full [contributing guide](https://pythondotorg.readthedocs.io/contributing.html) for details.
```
